Examples for t.dispatchEvent (#52)
DevExpress/testcafe-examples: examples/dispatch-mouse-event/README.md

> # Create Data-Driven Tests

Reviewer: `# Fire mouse event`

> **Test Code**: [index.js](index.js)
> 
> **Tested Page**: [index.html](index.html)

Reviewer 2: Likewise
```suggestion
**Test Source**: [index.js](index.js)

**Page Source**: [index.html](index.html)
```

> This example shows how to fire [events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) on the webpage with TestCafe.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows how to fire mouse [events](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Event) with TestCafe.
```

> The `t.dispatchEvent` method fires a [mousedown event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mousedown_event), waits for five seconds, and then fires a [mouseup event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mouseup_event). This simulates a five second-long left click.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `t.dispatchEvent` method fires a [mousedown event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mousedown_event), waits for five seconds, and then fires a [mouseup event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mouseup_event). This simulates a five second left click.
```

> During the test the `t.dispatchEvent` fires a [mousedown event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mousedown_event) on the button and then the [mouseup event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mouseup_event) in five seconds. This simulates a 5 second-long left click on the button.

Reviewer 2: simplify, simplify, simplify.
also, we should not mix integers and numerals.

```suggestion
The `t.dispatchEvent` method fires a [mousedown event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mousedown_event), waits for five seconds, and then fires a [mouseup event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mouseup_event). This simulates a five second-long left click.
```

> The tested page includes a `button` and a counter. Each second that the left click is held on the button the counter increments by one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The page includes a button and a counter. For each second that you hold the button, the value of the counter increases by one.
```

> During the test the `t.dispatchEvent` fires a [mousedown event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mousedown_event) on the button and then the [mouseup event](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Element/mouseup_event) in five seconds. This simulates a 5 second-long left click on the button.

Reviewer: Move this sentence under the head.

> When `mouseup` fires (the left click is released), the `t.expect.eql` method checks the counter value.

Reviewer 2: if you feel the need to clarify something in brackets, chances are, you didn't explain it right the first time.
```suggestion
When the left click is released, the `t.expect.eql` method checks the counter value.
```

> ## TestCafe API Used in This Example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## TestCafe API Methods Used in This Example
```
